No breakfast. I didn't want to get out of bed. This is normal at The Stay. They never expect people there for the first time to want to eat. They're still fighting the idea that they may actually need help. And I was IVCed. I was there against my will. I was imprisoned. Why 


# The Characters
- The Sleeper - My first roommate
- Barbie - The girl panhandling for plastic surgery
- The Athlete - He couldn't stop working out
- Toothless - My friend. My rock. The dragon that's one toothed smile could light up a room
	- Toothless talked about their rape, domestic violence, and living on the streets butt was still as happy as can be despite all of this. But they had violent mood swings that only went from happy to sad. Never really angry.
- Unique - She was extremely Christian and passed on the values the way she should
- Captain Conspiracy - A nice older man with multiple personalities
	- The conspirator - EyeFi and the note about KKK, NRA, etc.
	- The captain - I saw him standing at attention multiple times. Hands gripped correclty and along the seam of his pants. Like a good soldier.
	- The PM - He told me he was a project manager and spoke very lucidly about that position and how he could help me if I worked with him on the outside
- The Martian - A kind soul, and my biggest antagonist. They'd been through the ringer and didn't know who they were anymore... But when the true identity of The Martian came out, I remember our mutual therapist clutching at her heart and saying "I love The Martian. They're such a sweetheart." This was the first time I'd ever actually met the real Martian. The rest was a mixture of flashbacks, outbursts, and psychosis. But the real Martian was a sweetheart and I got a solid side hug out of it. The moment was brief and thier mind must have been so dangerously fleeting. The Martian had obviously been touched inappropriately by someone that looked like me. They kept calling me a perv and at times would yell at someone else that wasn't there "Don't grab my ass!". 
	- The little girl - The Martian used to have another name. It was a girls name, if you called them by it, they'd absolutely lose it. I wouldn't dare.
	- The Hardo - The Martian would try and fight me every chance they got. There was something that the Martian needed to prove to me. He needed to shake and scare me. But instead of getting scared, I'd just read Buddha's Brain like Andy Dufrane.
	- The Martian - The Martian meant well. They just didn't have control. The Martian apologized to me once and I even caught The Martian singing and dancing around showing off to no one in particular, just simply enjoying a good day. The staff let them have their good days. And as annoyed as I was by it at first, it was important to see a good day and I really enjoyed the change of pace
- The Drama Queen - Toothless had an antagonist too. The Drama Queen had to be the most important person in the room. Whether it was getting food first, asking for a special order, or stealing the spotlight every time someone else had a little bit of attention...
- The Victim - It's hard to say what's real and what's not in an asylum, but what I do know is that this man had been dealt a shit hand. He said he'd been shot at 14 and couldn't use the left side of his body. He did everything he could to be kind and everyone around wanted to help him. We'd almost fight over who got to help him and push his wheelchair. When you're going through something like this, helping others is a great way to get over your own issues.